Add UI information about AAQ operator (#111679)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-managing-quotas-list-web.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/managing_vms/advanced_vm_management/virt-working-with-resource-quotas-for-vms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-managing-quotas-list-web_{context}"]
= Managing virtual machine quotas using the list view

[role="_abstract"]

> The Application Aware Quota (AAQ) quotas page in the OpenShift web console provides a centralized view of all quotas managed by the AAQ operator. From this page, you can view quota status, usage, and perform management actions such as editing and deleting quotas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Application Aware Quota (AAQ) quotas page in the {product-title} web console provides a centralized view of all quotas managed by the AAQ operator. From this page, you can view quota status, usage, and perform management actions such as editing and deleting quotas.
```

.Prerequisites

> * You have administrator privileges in the OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer: Optional, for consistency
```suggestion
* You have cluster administrator privileges.
```

* The Application Aware Quota operator is enabled in your cluster.

> * At least one Application Aware Quota exists in your cluster.

Reviewer 2: The quota should be created in a namespace that matches the label selector configured in HCO.

Author: ```suggestion
* At least one Application Aware Quota exists in a namespace that matches the label selector configured in the HyperConverged Operator (HCO).
```
Does this work?

.Procedure

> . In the OpenShift web console, click *Virtualization* -> *Quotas*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {product-title} web console, click *Virtualization* -> *Quotas*.
```

====

. To view detailed information about a specific quota, click the quota name to open the quota details page.

. To edit a quota, click the Options menu {kebab} at the end of the quota row
.. Select *Edit quota*.
+
The edit form is displayed with the current quota configuration.
.. Click *Save* after you have completed modifying the resource limits.
+
[NOTE]
====
If the quota was initially created with advanced settings via YAML, clicking *Edit quota* opens the YAML editor instead of the form.
====

. To delete a quota, click the Options menu {kebab} at the end of the quota row and select *Delete quota*. A confirmation dialog is displayed.
.. Click *Delete* to remove the quota.
+
[WARNING]
====
Deleting a quota removes all resource enforcement for the quota. Virtual machines in the affected project are no longer subject to the quota limits.
====

. To create a new quota from the list view, click *Create quota*.
.. Select an option from the dropdown menu:
+
** *Create VM-specific quota*: Opens the form-based creation experience for simple VM quota use cases.

> ** *Create quota for any resource*: Opens the YAML editor for advanced quota configurations that include pod limits or other resource types.

Reviewer 3: These options are "With form" and "With YAML"

Author: ```suggestion
** *With form*: Opens the form-based creation experience for simple VM quota use cases.
** *With YAML*: Opens the YAML editor for advanced quota configurations that include pod limits or other resource types.
```
